# 2022-07-14 - Right place, almost right time
I like meeting people, I'm not always in the mood for it, but generally that statement is true.
Which is why I use meet-up apps, where people organize various events for people to join. Most of those people are just like me: solo-travelers or just new to the city.
The first meet-up I'll tell you about was for software developers.
The appointment was in front of a building, there wasn't an address, just maps coordinates. I arrived an hour late, not for any particular reason, I was in my work flow and didn't want to interrupt it. So there I am, with nothing but some coordinates for a place where an hour ago some people met.
I wasn't going to give up, the event was too perfect for me. I walked around a bit, and just around the corner was a huge glass door, on the other side was the writing of the company's name.
The name had the word 'technology' in it, so I thought that might have been the place.
Before I know it I'm reaching for the intercom, just before pressing the button I heard that voice inside my head... 'what the fuck are you doing', luckily another voice barged in saying 'what does it matter?' and so I rang.
A French voice answered, didn't catch one word... I confidently replied with something like 'est le meet-up ici?', he said something and hung up.
I thought: 'well, now I can leave knowing I tried'. But then I heard some noise from inside. The doorman getting up and coming to open the door. After a brief conversation including words from 3 different languages he walked me through a huge hall with white tall walls and put me into an elevator, pressed a button, and left.
The elevator's doors opened, and I found a very French man staring at me. I was wearing my usual outfit, sport shorts that barely reached my half thigh, and a t-shirt.
As I walked into the room, I became very aware of the dress code. After some poor conversation and a lot of weird looks from this roomful of French software developers, I sat down. The Frenchman began speaking again. His talk compared hexagonal architecture with clean architecture. I understood bits and pieces here and there.
The everlasting feeling of non-belonging didn't matter, there was not one place in the world where I would have rather been than in that large yet uncomfortable room.
The second evening was a bit more conventional, if you will. The meet-up involved a picnic on the grass in the corner of île de la cité. I passed by many big groups, but I felt like the biggest had to have been the one from the meet-up. I almost talked to them the first time I went by, but the voice... 'WHAT ARE YOU DOING?'. I kept walking. Got to the corner of the island, spent two minutes silencing the voice, and came around. 'Etes-vous le du le meet-up?', I never got such a good response from such a poorly phrased question...
The organizer was so, so welcoming, he introduced me to everyone, and I got to have 2 hours of French conversation. I could feel myself learning with every word I heard and said. Again, that was the best place I could have been in. Eventually, I'll get to the point where the voice doesn't even come up, but until then, I'll just have to keep on fighting it.
